feat: use ERC-20 semantics for approvals (#109)
dfinity/ICRC-1: standards/ICRC-2/README.md

### icrc2_approve

This method entitles the `spender` to transfer token `amount` on behalf of the caller from account `{ owner = caller; subaccount = from_subaccount }`.
The number of transfers the `spender` can initiate from the caller's account is unlimited as long as the total amounts and fees of these transfers do not exceed the allowance.
The caller does not need to have the full token `amount` on the specified account for the approval to succeed, just enough tokens to pay the approval fee.
The call resets the allowance and the expiration date for the `spender` account to the given values.

> The ledger SHOULD reject the call if the spender account is equal to the source account (`{ owner = caller; subaccount = from_subaccount } == spender`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ledger SHOULD reject the call if the spender account owner is equal to the source account owner.
```

Author: Initially, I restricted the rejection to only the same account because it might simplify the implementation of some ledgers (the ICP ledger, for example).

In a ledger that works with AccountIdentifiers, it's hard to check whether an account belongs to a particular principal. 

It's still possible to implement the check you propose; we have to do it much earlier before the conversion to AccountIdentifier happens. I'm OK either way.

Reviewer: I see how it can simplify the implementation of ledgers that work with account-identifiers if the implementation first converts icrc accounts to account-identifiers before the main method logic however since the icrc2 standard works with visible account owners and the icrc2_approve method request contains the approver/caller account owner-principal and the spender account owner-principal, I rather the standard make the check. If a caller of icrc2_approve can approve to him/her self, why not let the approver-account be the same as the spender account?

#### Preconditions

* The caller has enough fees on the `{ owner = caller; subaccount = from_subaccount }` account to pay the approval fee.
* If the `expires_at` field is set, it's greater than the current ledger time.
* If the `expected_allowance` field is set, it's equal to the current allowance for the `spender`.

#### Postconditions

> * The `spender`'s allowance for the `{ owner = caller; subaccount = from_subaccount }` increases by the `amount` (or decreases if the `amount` is negative).

Author: ```suggestion
* The `spender`'s allowance for the `{ owner = caller; subaccount = from_subaccount }` is equal to the given `amount`.
```

2. Alice calls `icrc2_approve` with `spender` set to the canister's default account (`{ owner = C; subaccount = null}`) and `amount` set to the token amount she wants to deposit (100) plus the transfer fee.
3. Alice can then call some `deposit` method on the canister, which calls `icrc2_transfer_from` with `from` set to Alice's (the caller) account, `to` set to the canister's account, and `amount` set to the token amount she wants to deposit (100).
4. The canister can now determine from the result of the call whether the transfer was successful.
   If it was successful, the canister can now safely commit the deposit to state and know that the tokens are in its account.

### Canister C transfers tokens from Alice's account to Bob's account, on Alice's behalf

1. Canister C wants to transfer 100 tokens on an `ICRC-2` ledger from Alice's account to Bob's account.
2. Alice previously approved canister C to transfer tokens on her behalf by calling `icrc2_approve` with `spender` set to the canister's default account (`{ owner = C; subaccount = null }`) and `amount` set to the token amount she wants to allow (100) plus the transfer fee.

> 3. During some update call, the canister can now call `icrc2_transfer_from` with `from` set to Alice's account, `to` set to Bob's account, and `amount` set to the token amount she wants to transfer (100 plus the transfer fee).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. During some update call, the canister can now call `icrc2_transfer_from` with `from` set to Alice's account, `to` set to Bob's account, and `amount` set to the token amount she wants to transfer (100).
```
The transfer fee is put into the `fee` field and not added in the `amount` field when Canister c is transfer_from-ing from alice's account to bob's account.
